Requirements (ECE 413 and 513)
Account Creation and Management
DONE -	A user must be able to create an account, using an email address as the username and a strong password, and register at least one device with their account.
DONE -	A user should be able to update any of their account information.
DONE -	A user should be able to replace a device with a new device in their account.

UVFit IoT Device
DONE -	The user should use a button on the IoT device to start and stop activities. 
DONE - 	The IoT device should use the onboard LEDs to indicate the activity status. 
DONE -	During an activity, the IoT device should periodically record the GPS location, speed, and UV exposure, at least at a rate of once per second.
DONE -	If the UV exposure during an activity exceeds a user defined threshold (the threshold will be set in the web application), an alert should be provided on the IoT device.
DONE -	After an activity is complete, the IoT device should transmit the activity data to the server.
DONE -	If the WiFi connection is not available, the IoT device should locally store the data for up to 24 hours and submit the data when later connected.
DONE -	The server should require an APIKEY from the IoT device for posting activity data.

Web Application
	The web application should support the following views (each of which should be visually appealing): 
DONE -	A summary view showing the user’s total activity duration, total calories burned, and total UV exposure in the past 7 days.
DONE -	An activities list view that lists all fitness activities with data summarizing each activity (e.g., date of activity, duration of activity, calories burned, UV exposure).
NO PLOT -	An activity view for a selected activity that will display the activity date, duration, UV exposure, activity type, calories burned, and plot the user’s route for the activity on a map.
DONE -	In the activity view, the web application should allow a user to change the activity type. Activity types should minimally support walking, running, and biking.
DONE -	The calculation of calories burned should be based on the activity type for each activity. 
DONE -	The web application should allow the user to define a UV threshold that defines the total UV exposure beyond which the IoT device should alert the user during an activity.
DONE -	The web application should have a navigation menu.
DONE -	The web application should use responsive design to be viewable on desktops, tablets, and smartphones.

Server 
DONE -	When an activity is sent to the server by the IoT device, the server should assign a default activity type based on the speed data. 
DONE -	Your server must be implemented using Node.js, Express, and MongoDB.
DONE -	Your server’s endpoints must use RESTful APIs. Each endpoint must have accompanying documentation that describes the behavior, the expected parameters, and responses.
DONE -	Access to the web application should be controlled using token based authentication.

Third Party APIs and Libraries
DONE -	You may use additional third party APIs.
DONE - You may use open source JavaScript libraries.
DONE -	You may use open source CSS libraries.

THINGS TO LOOK UP:
1. How to send UV Threshold to device, google controlling led photon by POST/GET
c
2. JSON datapoints array with each datapoint having the same data format as in checkin.


$ curl https://api.particle.io/v1/devices/2f0034000f47363336383437/setUV \
	-d access_token=377a0c9a008dbe94af700e780b313b18ec335f86 \
	-d "setUV=33"